Subject: Save up to $300 on select Surface Laptop 2

 Microsoft
 
 It has no ordinary side. Save up to $300 on select Surface Laptop 2, now in rich matte Black. Slip it in your bag and make every day more productive. Starting at $899.
 8th Gen Intel® Core™processor. Up to 14.5 hours of battery life. Starting at just 2.76 pounds.
 Save today. Offer valid in US and Puerto Rico only.

 Find a Microsoft Store near you

 Surface
 Xbox

 PCs & Tablets
 Apps

 Digital Games
 Deals
 Shipping
 Returns
 Support
 Learning

 Facebook
 Instagram
 Twitter
 YouTube
 Pinterest

View in browser | Careers
Free standard shipping. Expected delivery within 3-7 business days after shipping. See webpage for additional details. 

Offer valid from 9PM PT February 23, 2019 to March 9, 2019, while supplies last. Available only at retail stores and Microsoft online stores in the United States (including Puerto Rico). The offer is not valid for purchases or orders made previously. It can not be transferred or redeemed for cash or promotional codes. It may not be possible to combine with other offers. In the reimbursements, the discount will be taken into account. The discount in the price does not include taxes, shipping costs or other charges. Offer not valid where prohibited or restricted by law. Microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. Limit of 3 offers per customer. Other exclusions and limitations may apply. See webpage for more details. 

*Surface Laptop 2 battery life: Up to 14.5 hours of battery life for local video playback. Testing conducted by Microsoft in September 2018 using preproduction Intel® Core™ i5, 256GB, 8 GB RAM device. Testing consisted of full battery discharge during local video playback. All settings were default except: Wi-Fi was associated with a network and Auto-Brightness disabled. Battery life varies significantly with settings, usage, and other factors. 

Unsubscribe | Privacy Statement
Microsoft Corporation
One Microsoft Way
Redmond, WA 98052