Subject: [students] ADENDUM - DRAGON'S TALE (3.7.2019)
Hello again Dragons! 

This email comes to you with updated news from the Dragon who misspoke. As a result, we need to provide some corrections to the email that went out this morning regarding a few things. Most notably, there will be 2 General Town Halls and a yet to be scheduled GAM/RPOJ Town Hall, those of you seeking to apply to work for K12 programs this summer, those of you seeking Girl Scout Cookies, and those of you seeking to download the Dragon’s Tale should heed the updated information below.


*Correct Download Link*

The correct link to view, screen read, and download the Dragon’s Tale is: https://faculty.digipen.edu/~nik.bowen/DragonsTales/2019/DT.3.7.2019.docx


*DigiPen General Town Hall Friday*
Fall Semester there were Town Halls hosted for the school to give updates on each degree program as well as solicit feedback. This semester General DigiPen Town Halls will be hosted to receive feedback on everything DigiPen. These have been scheduled for the following times: March 8 at 2:00pm in Plato and March 25 at 1:00pm in Michelangelo. A GAM/PROJ Town Hall will be scheduled for later in the semester. We are working with Student Senate’s GAM Council to schedule the most optimal time. (Apologies from Nik Bowen who incorrectly shared in the DPTP and Student Senate that the March 25th meeting was a GAM/PROJ Town Hall)


*New Job Portal*
Human Resources Department is excited to announce a new way to look and apply for student employment opportunities effective immediately! The MachForm system has been disabled.

The new portal can be found at www.digipen.edu by scrolling to the bottom of the page and clicking  “Jobs” then "Student Assistant Positions."  Available positions are posted here and can be applied to directly by clicking on the specific job title. 

 

Hiring managers/supervisors will be able to view your application & resume in real time.  Students will be notified via email of accepted or declined applications for the position. Work may not begin until all payroll and hiring forms have been completed and approved by HR. Students and Supervisors will both be notified by a HR Partner when the student may begin to work; work cannot begin before this notification.

For those students seeking employment opportunities with the 2019 DigiPen K12 Summer program please use the following link to apply: https://forms.digipen.edu/view.php?id=411913.  This application process will only apply for the 2019 summer program. Future applications will need to be submitted through the new job portal.


Please email questions to YOUR HR team at hr.us@digipen.edu.